this is the movieclips weekly five we
give you five things you might want to
know about the entertainment world this
week Anna Kendrick has been cast in the
upcoming disney musical into the woods
the film directed by rob marshall
chicago and memoirs of a geisha is based
on the Tony award-winning broadway
musical this is kendrick second foray
into musicals in recent years after
pitch perfect the film also stars Meryl
Streep with Johnny Depp Chris Pine with
jake gyllenhaal and emily blunt after
years of developments and rumors the
Independence Day sequel has finally
gotten the green light the film will be
directed by roland emmerich Helmer of
the original well there is still
speculation of what original cast will
return it seems to be confirmed that
will smith will not be among them after
rumors that this might be the case it
seems that the actor has too high of a
price tag to close a deal but he's yet
to be seen how losing one of the biggest
movie stars in the world will affect the
draw of the sequel although Emmerich has
claimed that Will Smith may have been
too famous to fit into the sequel
regardless after a strong opening
weekend of 112 million dollars worldwide
para man has already decided to move
forward with the sequel to World War Z
while specifics have yet to be revealed
the vice chairman of paramount has said
that development has officially begun
while it is more than likely the Brad
Pitt will return for the sequel it is
yet to be seen if director Marc Forster
well especially after reports the two
did not get along on set Arnold
Schwarzenegger has signed on the produce
and star in the father/daughter zombie
film Maggie the script of the film was
written by John Scott the third and was
featured on the blacklist an annual
collection of the best unproduced
screenplays in Hollywood the film
revolves around the father traveling
with his daughter who is slowly turning
into a zombie there is no other
confirmed cast Chloe Moretz was rumored
to be attached to play the daughter
william figures role in the upcoming
reboot of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
been revealed he will be playing
shredder the iconic ninja turtles
villain the film currently in production
is being directed by jonathan liebesman
who also homme the action heavy films
wrath of the titans and paddle los
angeles ninja turtles also stars Megan
Fox and will arnett
this was the movie clips weekly 5 click
to subscribe and remember to comment
below to let us know what you're excited
about this week thanks for watching
you